# CreateReportRequestBody

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**metrics** | **string[]** | The kinds of data the report should include. Specify up to 10 values.  * **&#x60;PROFILE_VIEWS&#x60;**: the number of times your listings were viewed. Does not include listings on Yelp, Facebook, Bing, or Google. * **&#x60;SEARCHES&#x60;**: the number of times your listings were included in search results. Does not include search results on Yelp, Facebook, Bing, or Google. * **&#x60;POWERLISTINGS_LIVE&#x60;**: the total number of your listings that were live * **&#x60;FEATURED_MESSAGE_CLICKS&#x60;**: the number of times consumers clicked on your Featured Messsage. Does not include Featured Messages on Yelp, Facebook, Bing, or Google. * **&#x60;YELP_PAGE_VIEWS&#x60;**: number of times your listings on Yelp (\&quot;pages\&quot;) were viewed * **&#x60;BING_SEARCHES&#x60;**: the number of times your listings were included in Bing search results. Because Bing sends data for full weeks rather than individual days, **&#x60;dimensions&#x60;** cannot contain &#x60;DAYS&#x60;, &#x60;MONTHS&#x60;, or &#x60;MONTHS_RETAIL&#x60; if &#x60;BING_SEARCHES&#x60; is in **&#x60;metrics&#x60;**. Also, reports with &#x60;BING_SEARCHES&#x60; have different reporting maximum dates than reports with other metrics. * **&#x60;FACEBOOK_LIKES&#x60;**: the total number of consumers who have \&quot;liked\&quot; your Page * **&#x60;FACEBOOK_TALKING_ABOUT&#x60;**: the number of unique consumers who had an interaction with your Page. For an interaction to be included in this total, it must result in a story being posted to the newsfeeds of those consumers&#39; friends. Examples of these interactions include, but are not limited to, sharing a post on your Page, liking your Page, or tagging your location in a photo. * **&#x60;FACEBOOK_WERE_HERE&#x60;**: the total number of consumers who have checked into your business on Facebook, along with the people tagged as being with them when checking in * **&#x60;FOURSQUARE_DAILY_CHECKINS&#x60;**: the number of consumers who checked into your business on Foursquare on a given date * **&#x60;INSTAGRAM_POSTS&#x60;**: the number of times consumers posted Instagram content geotagged at your business * **&#x60;GOOGLE_SEARCH_QUERIES&#x60;**: the number of times your listings appeared in search results on either Google Search or Google Maps * **&#x60;GOOGLE_SEARCH_VIEWS&#x60;**: the number of times your listings were viewed on Google Search * **&#x60;GOOGLE_MAP_VIEWS&#x60;**: the number of times your listings were viewed on Google Maps * **&#x60;GOOGLE_CUSTOMER_ACTIONS&#x60;**: the number of times consumers called your business, got driving directions to your business, or visited your website via the links your Google listings * **&#x60;GOOGLE_PHONE_CALLS&#x60;**: the number of times consumers called your business by clicking your phone numer in your Google listings during the past 90 days. You must use the &#x60;GOOGLE_PHONE_CALL_HOURS&#x60; dimension with this metric. * **&#x60;AVERAGE_RATING&#x60;**: the cumulative average of the ratings your business has received * **&#x60;NEW_REVIEWS&#x60;**: the number of new reviews your business has received | 
**dimensions** | **string[]** | Determines how the data will be grouped. Specify up to 3 values. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt; **NOTES:** &lt;br&gt; You can only use one time-based dimension (e.g., &#x60;DAYS&#x60;, &#x60;WEEKS&#x60;) per report. &lt;br&gt; You can only use one location-based dimenion (e.g. &#x60;FOLDER_IDS&#x60;, &#x60;LOCATION_NAMES&#x60;) per report. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt; * **&#x60;ACCOUNT_IDS&#x60;** * **&#x60;LOCATION_IDS&#x60;** * **&#x60;FOLDER_IDS&#x60;** * **&#x60;LOCATION_NAMES&#x60;** * **&#x60;FOLDER_NAMES&#x60;** * **&#x60;DAYS&#x60;** * **&#x60;WEEKS&#x60;** * **&#x60;MONTHS&#x60;**: refers to the Gregorian calendar (January, February, etc.) * **&#x60;MONTHS_RETAIL&#x60;**: refers to the 4-5-4 merchandising calendar * **&#x60;PLATFORM&#x60;**: groups data by the platform on which the action measured in **&#x60;metrics&#x60;** was conducted (e.g., Desktop, Mobile) * **&#x60;FOURSQUARE_GENDER&#x60;**: groups checkins by users&#39; sexes (&#x60;male&#x60; or &#x60;female&#x60;). Can only be used with the &#x60;FOURSQUARE_DAILY_CHECKINS&#x60; metric. * **&#x60;FOURSQUARE_AGE&#x60;**: groups checkins by the users&#39; ages (&#x60;13-17&#x60;, &#x60;18-24&#x60;, &#x60;25-34&#x60;, &#x60;35-44&#x60;, &#x60;45-54&#x60;, &#x60;55+&#x60;). Can only be used with the &#x60;FOURSQUARE_DAILY_CHECKINS&#x60; metric. * **&#x60;FOURSQUARE_TIME&#x60;**: groups checkins by their times (&#x60;morning&#x60;: 7 AM - 10:59 AM, &#x60;noon&#x60;: 11 AM - 1:59 PM, &#x60;afternoon&#x60;: 2 PM - 5:59 PM, &#x60;evening&#x60;: 6 PM - 8:59 PM, &#x60;night&#x60;: 9 PM - 6:59 AM). Can only be used with the &#x60;FOURSQUARE_DAILY_CHECKINS&#x60; metric. * **&#x60;SEARCH_QUERY&#x60;**: groups searches according to the search criteria used. Can only be used with the &#x60;SEARCHES&#x60; metric. * **&#x60;GOOGLE_ACTION_TYPE&#x60;**: the type of action consumers took through your Google listings (Phone Calls, Get Directions, or Website Clicks). Can only be used with the &#x60;GOOGLE_CUSTOMER_ACTIONS&#x60; metric. * **&#x60;GOOGLE_QUERY_TYPE&#x60;**: groups search criteria based on whether they contained your brand name (branded) or not (unbranded). Can only be used with the &#x60;GOOGLE_SEARCH_QUERIES&#x60; metric. * **&#x60;GOOGLE_PHONE_CALL_HOURS&#x60;**: can only be used with the &#x60;GOOGLE_PHONE_CALLS&#x60; metric * **&#x60;RATINGS&#x60;**: can only be used with the &#x60;AVERAGE_RATING&#x60; and &#x60;NEW_REVIEWS&#x60; metrics * **&#x60;FREQUENT_WORDS&#x60;**: the words that most frequently appear in your reviews. Can only be used with the &#x60;AVERAGE_RATING&#x60; and &#x60;NEW_REVIEWS&#x60; metrics. * **&#x60;PARTNERS&#x60;**: the sites your reviews appear on. Can only be used with the &#x60;AVERAGE_RATING&#x60; and &#x60;NEW_REVIEWS&#x60; metrics. | 
**filters** | [**\Yext\Client\Model\AnalyticsFilter**](AnalyticsFilter.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


