# Location

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**fax_phone** | **string** | Must be a valid phone number, based on the country specified in &#x60;countryCode&#x60;. Phone numbers for US locations must contain 10 digits. | [optional] 
**headshot** | **object** | A portrait of the healthcare professional  **NOTE:** This field is only available to locations whose **locationType** is HEALTHCARE_PROFESSIONAL. | [optional] 
**keywords** | **string[]** | Up to 100 keywords may be provided  All strings must be non-empty when trimmed of whitespace. | [optional] 
**toll_free_phone** | **string** | Must be a valid phone number, based on the country specified in &#x60;countryCode&#x60;. Phone numbers for US locations must contain 10 digits. | [optional] 
**menu_ids** | **string[]** | IDs of Menus associated with this location. | [optional] 
**tracking_sites** | **string[]** | The search engines that we will use to track your performance | [optional] 
**middle_name** | **string** | The middle name of the healthcare professional  **NOTE:** This field is only available to locations whose **locationType** is HEALTHCARE_PROFESSIONAL. | [optional] 
**additional_hours_text** | **string** | Additional information about business hours that does not fit in **hours** (e.g., Closed during the winter) | [optional] 
**featured_message_url** | **string** | Valid URL to which the Featured Message is linked | [optional] 
**reservation_url** | **string** | A valid URL used for reservations at this location. | [optional] 
**degrees** | **string[]** | A list of the degrees earned by the healthcare professional  **NOTE:**  This field is only available to locations whose **locationType** is HEALTHCARE_PROFESSIONAL.  Valid values:  * &#x60;ANP&#x60; (Adult Nurse Practitioner) * &#x60;APN&#x60; (Advanced Practice Nurse) * &#x60;APRN&#x60; (Advanced Practice Registered Nurse) * &#x60;ARNP&#x60; (Advanced Registered Nurse Practitioner) * &#x60;CNM&#x60; (Certified Nurse Midwife) * &#x60;CNP&#x60; (Certified Nurse Practitioner) * &#x60;CNS&#x60; (Clinical Nurse Specialist)   * &#x60;CPNP&#x60; (Certified Pediatric Nurse Practitioner) * &#x60;CRNA&#x60; (Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetist) * &#x60;CRNP&#x60; (Certified Registered Nurse Practitioner) * &#x60;DC&#x60; (Doctor of Chiropractic)   * &#x60;DDS&#x60; (Doctor of Dental Surgery) * &#x60;DMD&#x60; (Doctor of Dental Medicine) * &#x60;DO&#x60; (Doctor of Osteopathy) * &#x60;DPM&#x60; (Doctor of Podiatric Medicine) * &#x60;DVM&#x60; (Doctor of Veterinary Medicine)   * &#x60;FNP&#x60; (Family Nurse Practitioner)     * &#x60;GNP&#x60; (Geriatric Nurse Practitioner) * &#x60;LAC&#x60; (Licensed Acupuncturist) * &#x60;LPN&#x60; (Licensed Practical Nurse) * &#x60;MD&#x60; (Medical Doctor) * &#x60;ND&#x60; (Naturopathic Doctor) * &#x60;NP&#x60; (Nurse Practitioner) * &#x60;OD&#x60; (Doctor of Optometry) * &#x60;PA&#x60; (Physician Assistant)     * &#x60;PAC&#x60; (Physician Assistant Certified) * &#x60;PHARMD&#x60; (Doctor of Pharmacy) * &#x60;PHD&#x60; (Doctor of Philosophy) * &#x60;PNP&#x60; (Pediatric Nurse Practitioner)   * &#x60;VMD&#x60; (Veterinary Medical Doctor) * &#x60;WHNP&#x60; (Womens Health Nurse Practitioner) | [optional] 
**label_ids** | **string[]** | The IDs of the location labels that have been added to this location. Location labels help you identify locations that share a certain characteristic; they do not appear on your location&#39;s listings.  **NOTE:** You can only add labels that have already been created via our web interface. Currently, it is not possible to create new labels via the API. | [optional] 
**google_preferred_photo** | **string** | The photo Google will consider first when deciding which photo display with the location&#39;s business information on Google Maps or Search  One of: * UNSPECIFIED (default) * COVER - the photo in **googleCoverPhoto** * PROFILE - the photo in **googleProfilePhoto**  **NOTE:** If the value of a location&#39;s **googlePreferredPhoto** is UNSPECIFIED, **googlePreferredPhoto** will be omitted from the location&#39;s data in responses. | [optional] 
**video_urls** | **string[]** | Valid YouTube URLs for embedding a video on some publisher sites.  **NOTE:** Currently, only the first URL in the Array appears in your listings. | [optional] 
**featured_message** | **string** | The Featured Message. Default: Call today!  Cannot include: * inappropriate language * HTML markup * a URL or domain name * a phone number * control characters ([\\x00-\\x1F\\x7F]) * insufficient spacing  If you submit a Featured Message that contains profanity or more than 50 characters, it will be ignored. The success response will contain a warning message explaining why your Featured Message wasn&#39;t stored in the system. | [optional] 
**yext_display_lat** | **double** | Latitude where the map pin should be displayed, as calculated by Yext  Between -90.0 and 90.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**mobile_phone** | **string** | Must be a valid phone number, based on the country specified in &#x60;countryCode&#x60;. Phone numbers for US locations must contain 10 digits. | [optional] 
**service_area** | [**\Yext\Client\Model\LocationServiceArea**](LocationServiceArea.md) |  | [optional] 
**timestamp** | **int** | The timestamp of the most recent change to this location record.  Will be ignored when the client is saving location data to Yext.  **NOTE:** The timestamp may change even if observable fields stay the same. | [optional] 
**address2** | **string** | Cannot be a P.O. Box | [optional] 
**facebook_cover_photo** | **object** | The cover photo for your business&#39;s Facebook profile  Displayed as a 851 x 315 pixel image  You must have a cover photo in order for your listing to appear on Facebook.  **NOTE:** Your cover photo must be at least 400 pixels wide. | [optional] 
**yext_walkable_lat** | **double** | Latitude to use for walking directions to the location, as calculated by Yext  Between -90.0 and 90.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**bio_list_ids** | **string[]** | IDs of Bio lists associated with this location. | [optional] 
**facebook_page_url** | **string** | URL for the location&#39;s Facebook Page.  Valid formats: * facebook.com/profile.php?id&#x3D;[numId] * facebook.com/group.php?gid&#x3D;[numId] * facebook.com/groups/[numId] * facebook.com/[Name] * facebook.com/pages/[Name]/[numId]  where [Name] is a String and [numId] is an Integer  If you submit a URL that is not in one of the valid formats, it will be ignored. The success response will contain a warning message explaining why the URL wasn&#39;t stored in the system.  **NOTE:** This value is automatically set to the location&#39;s Facebook Page URL. You can only manually set **facebookPageUrl** if the location meets one of the following criteria: * It is not subscribed to a Listings package that contains Facebook. * It is opted out of Facebook. | [optional] 
**emails** | **string[]** | Up to five emails addresses for reaching this location  Must be valid email addresses | [optional] 
**walkable_lng** | **double** | Longitude to use for walking directions to the location, as provided by you  Between -180.0 and 180.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**gender** | **string** | The gender of the healthcare professional  **NOTE:** This field is only available to locations whose **locationType** is HEALTHCARE_PROFESSIONAL. | [optional] 
**website_url** | **string** | The URL of the location&#39;s website. This URL will be shown on your listings unless you specify a value for &#x60;displayWebsiteUrl&#x60;.  Must be a valid URL and is required whenever &#x60;displayWebsiteUrl&#x60; is specified. | [optional] 
**specialties** | **string[]** | Up to 100 specialties (e.g., for food and dining: Chicago style)  All strings must be non-empty when trimmed of whitespace. | [optional] 
**bio_lists_label** | **string** | Label to be used for this location’s Bio lists. This label will appear on your location&#39;s listings. | [optional] 
**display_lng** | **double** | Longitude where the map pin should be displayed, as provided by you  Between -180.0 and 180.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**yext_pickup_lng** | **double** | Longitude to use for pickup spot for the location, as calculated by Yext  Between -180.0 and 180.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**product_list_ids** | **string[]** | IDs of Product lists associated with this location. | [optional] 
**google_cover_photo** | **object** | The cover photo for your business&#39;s Google profile  NOTE: Your cover photo must meet all of the following requirements: * have a 16:9 aspect ratio * be at least 480 x 270 pixels * be no more than 2120 x 1192 pixels | [optional] 
**education_list** | [**\Yext\Client\Model\LocationEducationList[]**](LocationEducationList.md) | A list of the types of education and training completed by the healthcare professional  **NOTE:** This field is only available to locations whose **locationType** is HEALTHCARE_PROFESSIONAL. | [optional] 
**pickup_lat** | **double** | Latitude to use for pickup spot for the location, as provided by you  Between -90.0 and 90.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**logo** | [**\Yext\Client\Model\LocationPhoto**](LocationPhoto.md) |  | [optional] 
**alternate_phone** | **string** | Must be a valid phone number, based on the country specified in &#x60;countryCode&#x60;. Phone numbers for US locations must contain 10 digits. | [optional] 
**account_id** | **string** | Must refer to an **account.id** that already exists. | [optional] 
**menu_url** | **string** | The URL of the location&#39;s menu. | [optional] 
**accepting_new_patients** | **bool** | Indicates whether the healthcare provider is accepting new patients  Default is true  **NOTE:** This field is only available to locations whose **locationType** is HEALTHCARE_PROFESSIONAL or HEALTHCARE_FACILITY. | [optional] 
**display_website_url** | **string** | The URL that is shown on your listings in place of &#x60;websiteUrl&#x60;. You can use &#x60;displayWebsiteUrl&#x60; to display a short, memorable web address that redirects consumers to the URL given in &#x60;websiteUrl&#x60;.  Must be a valid URL and be specified along with &#x60;websiteUrl&#x60;. | [optional] 
**yext_routable_lng** | **double** | Longitude to use for driving directions to the location, as calculated by Yext  Between -180.0 and 180.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**state** | **string** | For US locations, the two-character code of the location’s state, or DC for the District of Columbia For non-US locations, the name of the location’s province / region / state | [optional] 
**suppress_address** | **bool** | If true, do not show street address on listings. Defaults to false. | [optional] 
**closed** | [**\Yext\Client\Model\LocationClosed**](LocationClosed.md) |  | [optional] 
**display_menu_url** | **string** | The URL that is shown on your listings in place of &#x60;menuUrl&#x60;. You can use &#x60;displayMenuUrl&#x60; to display a short, memorable web address that redirects consumers to the URL given in &#x60;menuUrl&#x60;.  Must be a valid URL and be specified along with &#x60;menuUrl&#x60;. | [optional] 
**office_name** | **string** | The name of the office where the healthcare professional works, if different from **locationName**  **NOTE:** This field is only available to locations whose **locationType** is HEALTHCARE_PROFESSIONAL. | [optional] 
**yext_dropoff_lat** | **double** | Latitude to use for drop off spot for the location, as calculated by Yext  Between -90.0 and 90.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**hours** | **string** | Hours should be submitted as a comma-separated list of days, where each day&#39;s hours are specified as follows:  d:oh:om:ch:cm * d &#x3D; day of the week –   * 1 – Sunday   * 2 – Monday   * 3 – Tuesday   * 4 – Wednesday   * 5 – Thursday   * 6 – Friday   * 7 – Saturday * oh:om &#x3D; opening time in 24-hour format * ch:cm &#x3D; closing time in 24-hour format  Times with single-digit hours (e.g., 9 AM) can be submitted with or without a leading zero (9:00 or 09:00).  **Example:** open 9 AM to 5 PM Monday and Tuesday, open 10 AM to 4 PM on Saturday – 2:9:00:17:00,3:9:00:17:00,7:10:00:16:00  SPECIAL CASES: * To indicate that a location is open 24 hours on a specific day, set 00:00 as both the opening and closing time for that day.   * **Example:** open all day on Saturdays – 7:00:00:00:00 * To indicate that a location is closed on a specific day, omit that day from the list or set it as closed (\&quot;closed\&quot; is not case sensitive).   * **Example:** closed on Sundays – 1:closed   * **NOTE:** If a location is closed seven days a week, set at least one day to closed. Otherwise, **hours** is an empty string, and we assume you are not submitting hours information for that location. * To indicate that a location has split hours on a specific day, submit a set of hours for each block of time the location is open.   * **Example:** open from 9:00 AM to 12:00 PM and again from 1:00 PM to 5:00 PM on Mondays – 2:9:00:12:00,2:13:00:17:00  **NOTE:** To set hours for specific days of the year rather than days of the week, use **holidayHours**. | [optional] 
**address** | **string** | Must be a valid address  Cannot be a P.O. Box | [optional] 
**uber_link** | **string** | The Yext-powered link that can be copied and pasted into the markup of Yext Pages where the embedded Uber link should appear | [optional] 
**uber_client_id** | **string** | The ID that enables **uberTripBrandingText** and **uberTripBrandingUrl**. For more information, contact your Account Manager. | [optional] 
**facebook_profile_picture** | **object** | The profile picture for your business&#39;s Facebook profile  You must have a profile picture in order for your listing to appear on Facebook.  **NOTE:** Your profile picture must be larger than 180 x 180 pixels. | [optional] 
**certifications** | **string[]** | A list of the certifications held by the healthcare professional  **NOTE:** This field is only available to locations whose **locationType** is HEALTHCARE_PROFESSIONAL. | [optional] 
**language** | **string** | Language code of the language in which this location&#39;s information is provided. This language is considered the Location&#39;s primary language in our system.   If you would like to provide your Location data in more than one language, you can create a Language Profile for each of these additional (alternate) languages. | [optional] 
**last_name** | **string** | The last name of the healthcare professional  **NOTE:** This field is only available to locations whose **locationType** is HEALTHCARE_PROFESSIONAL. | [optional] 
**location_name** | **string** | Cannot include: * inappropriate language * HTML markup or entities * a URL or domain name * a phone number * control characters ([\\x00-\\x1F\\x7F])  Should be in appropriate letter case (e.g., not in all capital letters) | [optional] 
**query_templates** | **string[]** | The ways in which your keywords will be arranged in the search queries we use to track your performance | [optional] 
**products** | **string[]** | Up to 100 products sold at this location  All strings must be non-empty when trimmed of whitespace. | [optional] 
**uber_link_text** | **string** | The text of the embedded Uber link  Default is \&quot;Ride there with Uber\&quot;.  **NOTE:** This field is only available if **uberLinkType** is LINK. | [optional] 
**google_attributes** | [**\Yext\Client\Model\LocationGoogleAttributes[]**](LocationGoogleAttributes.md) | The Google My Business attributes for this location. | [optional] 
**payment_options** | **string[]** | The payment methods accepted at this location  Valid elements depend on the location&#39;s country. For US locations, valid elements are: * AMERICANEXPRESS * CASH * CHECK * DINERSCLUB * DISCOVER * FINANCING * INVOICE * MASTERCARD * TRAVELERSCHECK * VISA * ANDROIDPAY * APPLEPAY * SAMSUNGPAY | [optional] 
**custom_keywords** | **string[]** | Additional keywords you would like us to use when tracking your search performance | [optional] 
**dropoff_lng** | **double** | Longitude to use for drop off spot for the location, as provided by you  Between -180.0 and 180.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**intelligent_search_tracking_enabled** | **bool** | Indicates whether Intelligent Search Tracker is enabled.  The Intelligent Search Tracker allows you to understand your performance in local search. | [optional] 
**uber_embed_code** | **string** | The Yext-powered code that can be copied and pasted into the markup of emails or web pages where the embedded Uber link should appear | [optional] 
**display_reservation_url** | **string** | The URL that is shown on your listings in place of &#x60;reservationUrl&#x60;. You can use &#x60;displayReservationUrl&#x60; to display a short, memorable web address that redirects consumers to the URL given in &#x60;reservationUrl&#x60;.  Must be a valid URL and be specified along with &#x60;reservationUrl&#x60;. | [optional] 
**yext_display_lng** | **double** | Longitude where the map pin should be displayed, as calculated by Yext  Between -180.0 and 180.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**display_address** | **string** | Provides additional information to help consumers get to the location. This string appears along with the location&#39;s address (e.g., In Menlo Mall, 3rd Floor).  It may also be used in conjunction with a hidden address (i.e., when **suppressAddress** is true) to give consumers information about where the location is found (e.g., Servicing the New York area).  Cannot be a P.O. Box | [optional] 
**category_ids** | **string[]** | Yext Category IDs. A Location must have at least one and at most 10 Categories.  IDs must be valid and selectable (i.e., cannot be parent categories).  **NOTE:** The list of category IDs that you send us must be comprehensive. For example, if you send us a list of IDs that does not include IDs that you sent in your last update, Yext considers the missing categories to be deleted, and we remove them from your listings. | [optional] 
**product_lists_label** | **string** | Services lists. This label will appear on your location&#39;s listings. | [optional] 
**city** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**menus_label** | **string** | Label to be used for this location’s Menus. This label will appear on your location&#39;s listings. | [optional] 
**zip** | **string** | The location&#39;s postal code. For US locations, this field contains the five- or nine-digit ZIP code (the hyphen is optional). Validations are only done on &#x60;zip&#x60; if &#x60;countryCode&#x60; is US. | [optional] 
**local_phone** | **string** | Must be a valid, non-toll-free phone number.  Required if: * **isPhoneTracked** is true and the non-tracked number is a toll-free number, **OR** * **isPhoneTracked** is false and **phone** is a toll-free number | [optional] 
**order_url** | **string** | The URL used to place orders that will be fulfilled at the location. | [optional] 
**dropoff_lat** | **double** | Latitude to use for drop off spot for the location, as provided by you  Between -90.0 and 90.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**conditions_treated** | **string[]** | A list of the conditions treated by the healthcare provider  **NOTE:** This field is only available to locations whose **locationType** is HEALTHCARE_PROFESSIONAL or HEALTHCARE_FACILITY. | [optional] 
**pickup_lng** | **double** | Longitude to use for pickup spot for the location, as provided by you  Between -180.0 and 180.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**custom_fields** | **map[string,object]** | A set of key-value pairs indicating the location&#39;s custom fields and their values. The keys are the Yext Custom Field IDs of the custom fields, and the values are the fields&#39; contents. If the fields&#39; contents are options, those options must be represented by their Yext IDs. | [optional] 
**walkable_lat** | **double** | Latitude to use for walking directions to the location, as provided by you  Between -90.0 and 90.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**insurance_accepted** | **string[]** | A list of insurance policies accepted by the healthcare provider  **NOTE:** This field is only available to locations whose **locationType** is HEALTHCARE_PROFESSIONAL. | [optional] 
**uber_link_type** | **string** | Indicates whether the embedded Uber link for this location appears as text or a button  When consumers click on this link on a mobile device, the Uber app (if installed) will open with your location set as the trip destination. If the Uber app is not installed, the consumer will be prompted to download it. | [optional] 
**phone** | **string** | Must be a valid phone number. | [optional] 
**folder_id** | **string** | The folder that this location is in. If the location is in the customer-level (root) folder, its folderId will be 0. Must be a valid, existing Yext Folder ID or 0 | [optional] 
**google_profile_photo** | **object** | The profile photo for your business&#39;s Google profile  **NOTE:** Your profile picture must meet all of the following requirements: * be a square * be at least 200 x 200 pixels * be no more than 500 x 500 pixels | [optional] 
**instagram_handle** | **string** | Valid Instagram username for the location (e.g., NewCityFiat (without the leading \&quot;@\&quot;)) | [optional] 
**event_lists_label** | **string** | Label to be used for this location’s Event lists. This label will appear on your location&#39;s listings. | [optional] 
**holiday_hours** | [**\Yext\Client\Model\LocationHolidayHours[]**](LocationHolidayHours.md) | Holiday hours for this location.  **NOTE:** hours must be set in order for holidayHours to appear on your listings) | [optional] 
**first_name** | **string** | The first name of the healthcare professional  **NOTE:** This field is only available to locations whose **locationType** is HEALTHCARE_PROFESSIONAL. | [optional] 
**languages** | **string[]** | Up to 100 languages spoken at this location.  All strings must be non-empty when trimmed of whitespace. | [optional] 
**location_type** | [**\Yext\Client\Model\LocationType**](LocationType.md) |  | [optional] 
**admitting_hospitals** | **string[]** | A list of hospitals where the healthcare professional admits patients  **NOTE:** This field is only available to locations whose **locationType** is HEALTHCARE_PROFESSIONAL. | [optional] 
**year_established** | **string** | The year that this location was opened, not the number of years it was open  Minimum of 1000, maximum of current year + 10. | [optional] 
**yext_walkable_lng** | **double** | Longitude to use for walking directions to the location, as calculated by Yext  Between -180.0 and 180.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**associations** | **string[]** | Up to 100 association memberships relevant to the location (e.g., New York Doctors Association)  All strings must be non-empty when trimmed of whitespace. | [optional] 
**routable_lng** | **double** | Longitude to use for driving directions to the location, as provided by you  Between -180.0 and 180.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**country_code** | **string** | The country code (two-character ISO 3166-1) of the location&#39;s country. If omitted, US is used. | [optional] 
**yext_pickup_lat** | **double** | Latitude to use for pickup spot for the location, as calculated by Yext  Between -90.0 and 90.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**location_keywords** | **string[]** | Keywords that we will use to track your search performance. These keywords are based on the location information you&#39;ve stored in our system. | [optional] 
**google_website_override** | **string** | The URL you would like to submit to Google My Business in place of the one given in **websiteUrl** (if applicable).  For example, if you want to analyze the traffic driven by your Google listings separately from other traffic, enter the alternate URL that you will use for tracking in this field. | [optional] 
**id** | **string** | Primary key. Unique alphanumeric (Latin-1) ID assigned by the Customer. | [optional] 
**alternate_websites** | **string[]** | Other websites for your business that we should look for when tracking your search performance | [optional] 
**intelligent_search_tracking_frequency** | **string** | How often we send search queries to track your search performance. | [optional] 
**event_list_ids** | **string[]** | IDs of Event lists associated with this location. | [optional] 
**display_lat** | **double** | Latitude where the map pin should be displayed, as provided by you  Between -90.0 and 90.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**competitors** | [**\Yext\Client\Model\LocationCompetitors[]**](LocationCompetitors.md) | The names and websites of the competitors whose search performance you would like to compare to your own | [optional] 
**yext_dropoff_lng** | **double** | Longitude to use for drop off spot for the location, as calculated by Yext  Between -180.0 and 180.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**is_phone_tracked** | **bool** | Set to true if the number listed in **phone** is a tracked phone number.  **NOTE:** When updating **isPhoneTracked**, you must provide a value for **phone** in the same request. | [optional] 
**tty_phone** | **string** | Must be a valid phone number, based on the country specified in &#x60;countryCode&#x60;. Phone numbers for US locations must contain 10 digits. | [optional] 
**npi** | **string** | The National Provider Identifier (NPI) of the healthcare provider  **NOTE:** This field is only available to locations whose **locationType** is HEALTHCARE_PROFESSIONAL or HEALTHCARE_FACILITY. | [optional] 
**description** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**twitter_handle** | **string** | Valid Twitter handle for the location (e.g., JohnSmith (without the leading &#39;@&#39;)). If you submit an invalid Twitter handle, it will be ignored. The success response will contain a warning message explaining why your Twitter handle wasn&#39;t stored in the system. | [optional] 
**brands** | **string[]** | Up to 100 brands sold by this location  All strings must be non-empty when trimmed of whitespace. | [optional] 
**uber_trip_branding_url** | **string** | The URL that the consumer will be redirected to when tapping on the call-to-action in the Uber app during a trip to your location.  **NOTE:** If a value for **uberTripBrandingUrl** is provided, a value must also be provided for **uberTripBrandingText**. | [optional] 
**routable_lat** | **double** | Latitude to use for driving directions to the location, as provided by you  Between -90.0 and 90.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**yext_routable_lat** | **double** | Latitude to use for driving directions to the location, as calculated by Yext  Between -90.0 and 90.0, inclusive | [optional] 
**alternate_names** | **string[]** | Other names for your business that you would like us to use when tracking your search performance | [optional] 
**photos** | [**\Yext\Client\Model\LocationPhoto[]**](LocationPhoto.md) | Up to 50 Photos.  **NOTE:** The list of photos that you send us must be comprehensive. For example, if you send us a list of photos that does not include photos that you sent in your last update, Yext considers the missing photos to be deleted, and we remove them from your listings. | [optional] 
**display_order_url** | **string** | The URL that is shown on your listings in place of &#x60;orderUrl&#x60;. You can use &#x60;displayOrderUrl&#x60; to display a short, memorable web address that redirects consumers to the URL given in &#x60;orderUrl&#x60;.  Must be a valid URL and be specified along with &#x60;orderUrl&#x60;. | [optional] 
**services** | **string[]** | Up to 100 services offered at this location  All strings must be non-empty when trimmed of whitespace. | [optional] 
**sublocality** | **string** | The name of the location&#39;s sublocality. | [optional] 
**uber_trip_branding_text** | **string** | The text of the call-to-action that will appear in the Uber app during a trip to your location (e.g., Check out our menu!)  **NOTE:** If a value for **uberTripBrandingText** is provided, a value must also be provided for **uberTripBrandingUrl**. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


