# ReviewGenerationSettings

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**max_contact_frequency** | **int** | Indicates the minimum number of days that must pass before a given contact can be sent another review invitation. This setting will prevent you from contacting the same person repeatedly in a short time period.  If null, no maximum contact frequency will be enforced. | [optional] 
**max_texts_per_day** | **int** | Enables review invitations by text and indicates the maximum number of text invites our system will send on a per-location, per-day basis. We will send a maximum of 20 text invites per location per day.  If null, review invitations by text will be disabled. | [optional] 
**site_distribution** | **map[string,object]** | A list of third-party sites to generate reviews on. Sites may also be weighted, resulting in certain sites generating more reviews than others. The balancing algorithm will attempt to achieve Weight/(Sum of All Weights)% of review count on each specified site.  Can contain a maximum of 10 sites. Including 0 sites is also acceptable.  Each site in the request must have a corresponding weight.  Valid weights are integers 1-9  NOTE: Retrieve site **&#x60;id&#x60;**s via the Publishers: List endpoint. Valid sites will have &#x60;REVIEW MONITORING&#x60; listed in **&#x60;features&#x60;**. | [optional] 
**balancing_optimization** | **string** | Sets optimization settings for the balancing algorithm.  Must include one of the following:  * **&#x60;DISTRIBUTION&#x60;**: The balancing algorithm will prefer following the weighting distribution specified in **&#x60;siteDistribution&#x60;**, even if users will be sent to sites they are not logged in to as a result. * **&#x60;MORE_REVIEWS&#x60;**: The balancing algorithm will attempt to generate as many reviews as possible by sending users to sites they are logged in to, even if the distribution will be less closely followed as a result. | [optional] 
**algorithm_configuration** | **string[]** | Specifies one or more algorithms to address problems with your reviews. If more than one algorithm is specifed, the algorithms are applied in the order they are listed.  Must include at least one of the following:  * **&#x60;WEBSITE&#x60;**: Generate more first-party reviews when a 1-star review is visible on the first page (i.e., within the last five reviews). * **&#x60;RATING&#x60;**: Focus on selected sites that have a rating significantly below the location&#39;s average. * **&#x60;RECENCY&#x60;**: Ensure each selected site has one review within the last month. | [optional] 
**review_quarantine_days** | **int** | Prevents first-party reviews from immediately showing up on your website or wherever else you show your reviews. During this quarantine period, you may respond to reviews, increasing the likelihood that your customers will revise or remove their negative reviews. | [optional] 
**privacy_policy_override** | **string** | Review-collection pages contain a link to the Yext privacy policy by default. This field lets you replace that link with a link to your own privacy policy.  Update request must contain a URL or null. If null, the Yext privacy policy link will be used. | [optional] 
**max_emails_per_day** | **int** | Enables review invitations by email and indicates the maximum number of email invites our system will send on a per-location, per-day basis.  Must contain an integer value between 0 and 200. If 0 or null, review invitations by email will be disabled. | [optional] 
**max_texts_per_month** | **int** | Indicates the maximum number of text invites our system will send on a per-location, per-month basis. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


